ĐẶNG HOÀI THƯƠNG   
Legal staff    
 
 
 
 
 
 
Personal information  
 
 Female   
 25/07/1995   
 0357098635   
 hoaithuong91.thd@gmail.com  
 
 Hiep Binh Chanh Ward , 
Thu Duc District    
 
 
 
 
Computing  
 
Words    
 
Excel    
 
Outlook    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
English  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
CAR EER GOALS   
 
Become a  Legal staff  with thoroughness , vision , talent . Advisory , consider , 
Offering optimal solutions to solve legal problems related to  governance  and 
operate enterprise , contribute to reducing risks , increase advantages for 
businesses when negotiating , sign a contract with a partner  and comply with 
the provisions of the law when operating in Vietnam .   
 
EDUCATION    
Ho Chi Minh City University of Law   
09/2013 - 7/2018   
Faculty of Administration  - Law 
- Bachelor of Laws Certificate  with Good   
- Bachelor of Business Administration  Certificate  with Good   
- Certificate  TOEIC 690  
- Currently studying at the judicial academy    
 
WORK EXPERIENCE    
GLORYDAYS FASHION  CO., LTD   
Legal staff   
10/2018 – Now   
- In charge and responsible for the legal issues of th e Company such as 
Labor;  Insurance ; Fire protection ; Occupational safety and hygiene ; 
environment …Check and make periodic reports on state agencies related 
to the above fields.  
- Participate in drafting and checking the legality of contracts such as 
material purchase and sale contract, machine lease contract, service 
contract, processing contract, maintenance contract, construction ... 
amount with partners in the transaction to bring the best benefit to the 
Company . 
- On behalf of the company, receive periodic  inspection and examination 
delegations of state agencies and customers.  
- Participate in drafting and examining system of policies, ensuring that the 
promulgation and implementation of the Company's policies are in 
accordance with current law provisions and customer requirements.  
- Regularly and timely research and update the changes of law related to 
the production and business activities of the Company. Advising and 
advising the board  of directors on law when necessary . 
- Carry out procedures related to foreign workers and relatives such as: 
Applying for a work permit, applying for a temporary resid ence card, visa, 
changing passport ...  
- Perform procedures for establishment, dissolution, change of certificate 
of business registration information, certificate of investment . 
 
 
   
             The Sup erior  People's Procuracy  in Ho Chi Minh City   
Interns   
03/2018 - 09/2018  
 
- Specializes in studying case files, proposing settlement plans, 
commenting on cases, compile documents as required.   
- Organize and store records. Assisting Procurators in real trials.   
 
 
 
SKILL   
 
Communication :  Good communication skills, fast adaptation to the  
  environment .  
Work :                   Ability to work indepen dently and work in groups well  
  withstand high  pressure.   
Advantages :       - Enthusiastic, careful, hardworking, honest, with a  
  high sense of responsibility  
                  - Ability to grasp psychology and persuade   
Defect     Being quite perfectionist at work can sometimes lead to  
  delays   
 
 
Activity   
 
 
Join Social Work Team, Green Summer Team, 
Volunteer Programs   
10/2013 - 06/2014   
Volunteer   
- Participate in mobilization and do nation to support poor children, families 
in difficult circumstances. Carrying out mid -autumn volunteer programs, 
giving New Year gifts, distributing night porridge, free teaching. ...  
 
INTERESTS   
 
- Research new legal issues, real cases . 
- Be able to work in a dynamic and professional envi ronment  