 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 IT M anager  ĐẶNG THỨC TOÀN  
CONTACT  
06 / 08 /  1974  
Male  
0589.8888.65  
TTA -08-20A Lê Thành apartment , 
Hồ Văn Long street, Tân T ạo ward , 
Bình Tân  district, HCMC  
dangthuctoan@gmail.com  
facebook.com/dangthucttoan  
 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS  
The degree of engineer Information 
Technology  
VMware Certified Professional  
MCSA – Windows Server System 
Administrator  
CCNA – Cisco Certified Network 
Associate  
Certifications Computer Networks & 
Security  
 
PERSONAL SUMMARY  
A multi -skilled IT manager, with 
good all -round supervisory and work 
is responsible.  
Able to work independently and as 
part of a team.  
Able to work under high pressure  
Capable with a proven ability to 
ensure the smooth running of ICT 
systems and to provid e IT services 
that will improve the efficiency and 
performance of a company .  
Agile, friendly, funny, love to travel 
and love the child . CAREER OBJECTIVE  
With more than 10 years of experience as IT Manager for 
companies in the F&B and FMCG fields. I am looking for an IT 
Manager position to put all my work experience to put to use to 
help businesses achieve their strategic and goals.  
Seeking a position of IT Manager and a long -term stable working 
environment and a better opportunity.  
 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPE TENCIES  
 Management and leadership skills  
 Analytical and problem solving skills.  
 Strong technical skills.  
 The ability to work well under pressure.  
 Teamworking skills.  
 Organisation and time management,  
 Interpersonal and communication skills,  
 Attention to detail.  
 Extensive knowledge of: Microsoft Windows Server,  
 IT Infrastructure . 
 Wired and wireless networking skills, desktop and server 
hardware and antivirus and remote support products  
 
WORK EXPERIENCE  
Vietnam Food & Beverage Services Co., Ltd.  (F&B)  
IT Manager  (2019 – 11/20 20 ) 
Responsible for the day to day IT requirements of the company 
such as user management, trouble shooting, help and advise. 
Maintaining desktop applications, local area networks, IT 
security and telecommunications.  
Manage IT team and implementing IT infrastructure for new 
chain stores  
Job D uties :  
 Managing IT team of over 10 staff.  
 Streng thening the IT infrastructure through to 
implementing new technologies.  
 Responsible for hardware and software installation, 
maintenance and repair.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Implementing IT infrastructure for new chain stores.  
 Training and supporting endusers about IT fields.  
 Administering LAN, WAN (100 site – TCP/IP, VPN,  VLAN, 
Routing, NAT, Radius,…)  
 Administering Mail Server Exchange and Mdeamon.  
 Administering Windows Server : Domain Controller (3 
AD), DNS, DHCP, FTP,...  
 Administering VMware ESXi (5 physical server – 40 
virtual server)  
 Managing secure network access for remote users.  
 Implementing and managing security or integrity and 
backup procedures.  
 Scheduling upgrades.  
 Consulting to build ERP (SAP).  
 Migrate Exchange, File Server to Office 365  
 Writing IT documentation (for training, user guide, ...)  
 Consult BOD of IT solutions.  
 Manage the IT budgets .  
 Recommending and implementing improvements and 
efficiencies.  
 Responsible for the recruitment and training of new IT 
staff.  
 Managing the internal & hosted network infrastructure 
including: firewalls, servers, switches and telephony.  
 IT asset management.  
 IT policy.  
 
Van Hau Trading Service Co., Ltd (FMCG)  
IT Manager (201 0 – 2019)  
Managing the entire IT system of the company. Maintaining 
desktop applications, local area networks, IT security and 
telecommunications.  
Job Duties :  
 Setup and Administering LAN, WAN (5 site) . 
 Setup and Administering Mail Server Exchange 2010.  
 Setup and Administering Windows Server : Domain 
Controller, DNS, DHCP, FTP, ...  
 Setup and Administering VMware ESXi.  
 Convert the entire physical server to VMWare E SXi. 
 Data Backup / Restore, Antivirus, Security.  
 Administering IT Infrastructure .  
 Network services (DNS, DHCP, Wifi, VPN, …).  
 Support end user.  
 Consulting computer users to ascertain needs and to 
ensure that facilities meet user or project requirements.  
 Selecting and purchasing appropriate hardware and 
software.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Managing IT team.  
 Managing IT budgets.  
 Writing IT documentation (for training, user guide,...)  
 IT asset management  
 
REFERENCES  
 Mr. Lê Danh Huân – 093.353.6561 (colleague)  
 Ms. Nguy ễn Hu ỳnh Thơ - 097.168.1589 (HR Manager)  