DAO MANH TUYEN  
 
Thu Duc District, Ho Chi Minh City  
Tel: (+84) 398061561  
Email : daomanhtuyen0511@gmail.com  
Personal Profile Statement / Career Objective   
I am a confident, caring, assertive and well-organized person . I have experiences working for a 
non-governmental organization, which help me learns lots of skills related to office’s work , 
graphic design and video editing . Then I spent more than one year  being a n international and 
domestic tour guide to experience myself in tourism industry, which really benefits me with 
knowledge and skills in customer care. I would love to use my knowledge and skills which I 
have built through years to benefit the company  and th e customers the most . I am a complete 
‘all-rounder’ and I think I can adapt to any situation, in particular to ones surrounding business 
environment.  
Achievements  
 Presented Scholarship by Binh Tien Bitis’ Company  – in 2009  
 Third Prize of the Provincial English Contest in 2013  
 Top Ten English Writers of The Writing Contest held by IDP Organization, Vietnamese - 
Australian English Centre and Danang English Club   in 2014  
 Third Prize in the  Science Researching Conference 2015 - University of Foreign 
Language Studies – The University of Danang  
 Awarded scholarships for good resu lts every semester continuously  
 Graduated from University of Foreign Language Studies – The University of Danang 
with very good degree (3.47/4 in total)  in 2017  
 Complete Multimedia Course  of Microsoft IT Academy - The University of Danang  in 
2019  
Education  
 University of Foreign Languages Studies – The University of Danang ( Bachelor of 
English)  (Sept 2013 –  July 2017 ) 
 Msita Institution – SDC Danang ( Ce rtificate of Microsoft Offices)  
(March 2015 – June 2015)  
 Msita Institution – SDC Danang (Multimedia Course in 2019)  
 
Employment and Work Experience  
 
Aug  2017 – 
April  2018  Wheelchair program coordinator  Giving It Back To Kid s 
Organization  
Main duties performed:  
 Work with Free Wheelchair Mission Organization (FWM) and Vietnamese local partners 
to deliver free wheelchairs to disabled people.  
 Provide  training for new partners in how to assemble wheelchairs properly and how to 
organize a wheelchair distribution according to the requirement of FWM  
 Received orders from local partners  through out Vietnam , summit them to FWM’s factory 
to make wheelchairs, notify partners about shipping status and provide necessary 
documents to proceed the procedure to transport wheelchairs to local partners’  location  
 Supervise and evaluate  the quality of the local partner’s performance  
 
 
May 2018  –  
March 2019  Media  and IT Helpdesk    Giving It Back To Kid s 
Organization  
Main duties performed:  
 Support activities related to IT and computer in the office  
 Design graphic products such as brochures, certificates, cards …  using Photoshop  and 
AI. Then,  work with printing partners to make  final products  
 Take photos for all the programs and activities of the organization  and manage file 
storage  
 Make plans, make transcripts , prepare camera s, tripod s and other things for filming trip s 
 Film on location  
 Edit videos to make final products, add subtitles … using Premiere  Pro, After Effects , 
Aegisub and other programs  
 Working with foreigner partners on filming trip in Vietnam according to the partnership  
between the organization and other international partners.  
 
 
 
 March 2019 –  
Present  Tour guide   Freelancer  
Main duties performed:  
 Work with tour operators to confirm or make adjustment on the tour schedule  
 Work with transportation companies and drivers to arrange the transportation vehicles 
and drivers for the tour  
 Take care of the customers on the trip, take feedback, requirements and demands of the 
customers and work with travel agencies, transportation agencies to make adjustments or 
changes to the tour  
 Work with hotels and restaurants to arrange for the accommodation, meals, receive 
feedbacks from customers and work with hotels and restaurants to bring the b est 
experiences to the customers  
 Introduce the customers the beauty of Vietnamese people and culture, help the customer 
to enjoy themselves the best with their holiday. Provide the customers with informative, 
exciting and interesting tours. Help them have an insight into Vietnam country and desire 
to visit more in the future.  
 Flexibly solve any problems happening during the tour, relating to customers and service 
agencies  
Skills  
 Good communication skill  
 Writing skill and c omputer  skills, Premiere Pro, After Effects, Photoshop, Ai, Aegisub.  
 Excellent English  
 Strong problem -solving skills, creative and able to work under pressure  
 Work well in both team work or individual environment  
Hobbies and interests  
My hobbies are reading, traveling, learning  and spending time with my family and friends. I am 
curious learner who always eager to learn and develop  – something which I am really proud of.  
References   
Mrs. Luong Thi Hoai Nam  
Giving It Back To Kid Organization  
Ad: 254 2/9 street, Hai Chau Dist. , Danang city  
Tel:  (+84) 905 645 048  
Email:   nam@givingitbacktokids.org  