Hoang Manh Do  
Contact: +84 869 891 869| manhdohoang91@gmail.com  
                                                                     Experience: 5 years  
 
EDUCATION   
Diploma of Commerce  
Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (2012)  
Diploma of Business  
Western Institute of Technology (2016) 
Diploma of Leadership and  Management 
SIBC  (2017)  
EMPLOYMENT  HISTORY   
Demi Chef de Partie at InterContinental Keangnam Landmark 72 (Jan 2020 – Oct 
2020)  
 Preparing, making and presenting high quality dishes within the cold kitchen section . 
 Assisting the Head Chef and Sous Chef in creating dessert menu, recipes and 
developing dishes for all 4 restaurants a 1 pastry store within Keangnam Landmark 
72 building.  
 Preparing required ingredients for daily dessert menu.  
 Setting up buffet areas, afternoon tea sessions.  
 Assisting with the management of health and safety standards.  
 Assisting with the management of food hygiene practices.  
 Managing and training any Commis Chefs.  
 Monitoring portion and waste control.  
 Overseeing the maintenance of kitchen and food safety standards.  
Pastry Chef at StoneGround Bakery, Huntershill, NSW (Jan 2018 – Jun 2019)  
 Preparing a wide variety of goods such as cakes, cookies, pies, bread s, etc. following 
traditional and modern  recipes.  
 Creating new and exciting des serts to renew our menus and engage the interest of customers.  
 Decorating pastries using different icings, toppings etc. to ensure the  creative  
presentation . 
 Monitoring stock level and hygiene  standard of the whole kitchen and production  line.  
 
 
Baker at Freshness Fine Food , Marrickville, NSW (Oct 2016 – Jan 2018)  
 Preparing, measuring flour and ingredients, and required  equipment.  
 Monitoring mixers and ovens, and baking  processes.  
 Applying glazes, icings, and other  topping.  
 Packing products (muffin, muesli, bread, nuts bar) and organize cold room then  pack 
orders for  customers.  
 Making sure all working area and equipment cleaned, and ready for the next  shift.  
 
 
Baker at Brooklyn Boy Bagels, NSW (Jun 2015 -Oct 2016)  
 Making dough, rolling, shaping and baking bagels, pretzels, brioche, New York r y e s ,  
cinnamon scroll and  babka.  
 Monitoring the  ovens.  
 Cleaning bakery machinery, equipment, storage and preparation  areas.  
 Checking stock  list. 
 
 
Self employed Pastry Baker (Oct 2014 – Present)  
 Taking desserts orders online for individuals’ demands or occasional  events.  
 Home - preparing, baking and decorating different dessert products; providing door -to- 
door delivery service from home  kitchen.  
 Having sound knowledge of different pastries making skills such as Macarons, Éclairs, 
Fruit Tarts, Gateaux, Moon cakes, Chiffons, Muffins, Craquelin, Soufflé, Mousse,  etc. 
 Quick at picking up and self -learning to continuously improve the quality and 
presentation of the  products.  
 Continuously looking for and creating new dessert recipes to enrich the  menu.  
 
 
EXTRACURRICULAR  ACTIVITIES   
 Event planner at RMIT dance club.   Co-organizer at RMIT Hotel  tour.  
 Graphic designer at International Student  Hub.  
SKILLS   
 Excellent computing skills: Photoshop, Microsoft word, Power point, Excel,  Access.  
 Excellent customer services, tasks -management, and teamwork  skills.  
 Excellent self -Study  skill.  
 Proactive, flexible, and friendly.  
 Hard working, enthusiastic, and willing to  learn.  