DOAN THU HUYEN  
562 Tran Cung Street, Ha Noi  | 0987 687 806  | doanhuyen94@gmail.com  
December 21 , 2020 . 
Human Resource Department.  
CMC TELECOMMUNICATION INFRASTRUCTURE CORPORATION  
Apply to: Purchasing Executive  
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
I am writing to apply for the purchasing position of CMC Telecommunication Infrastructure 
Corporation.  
I graduated  major  in Business Administration at Vietnam University of Commerce in 2016 and over 4 
years of experience in Logistics and Purchasing. I am confident that I have experience in : 
- Negotiate advantages of price and term in the contract with suppliers.  
- Estimate: Time, cost, and risk to advise options for the sales department.  
- Compare, choose forwarder, and optimal transport solution for each import shipment.  
- Prepare fluently import documents: Contract, Invoice, Packing list, Bill, CO, CQ … 
- Experience in set HS code up, estimate tax…      
I possess communicate skills and good negotiation which help me reach advantages in the contract also 
establish effective chances to cooperate with suppliers and customers. In job, I have possible to set  the 
plan up; estimate time, cost, risk,…to save cost and guarantee progress. I also well understanding about 
Incoterms, update all the laws and documents about import -export to import conveniently.  
With the knowledge, experience, I believe that I get the job done efficient ly. The attached file is my 
application for your consideration, I would like to set an interview up to talk about this in more details.  
Thank you for your consideration.  
Yours sincerely,  
Doan Thu Huyen  EDUCATION
SKILLSDOAN THU HUYENVIETNAM UNIVERSITY OF COMMERCE
Major: Business Administration.
SM VIETNAM GLOBAL LOGISTICS.,JSC
PURCHASING STAFF
•Receive inquiries from the sales department, estimate: Cost, and 
advise optimal option.
•Negotiate : Price, term of the contract, and make order as 
requested.
•Compare and choose forwarder for each import shipment.
•Prepare import documents: Contract, Invoice, Packing list, CO, 
CQ…before cargoes arrive.
•Coordinate with other departments in the company, forwarder, 
bank to guarantee the progress and save cost.
•Set HS code up, estimate tax, understand the relevant 
procedures.
•Work with forwarder to make customs clearance and transport to 
request address.
•Synthesise documents to pay for suppliers and relevant partners.
•Purchasing inland as requested.
•Using Bravo soft to manage imported -exported goods, and 
inventory.
•Short -term: Excellent Purchasing staff.
•Long -term: Purchasing manager.PERSONAL DETAILS
Set plan up; Estimate time, 
cost, risk…
Market research, Internet 
searches, analyze data
Give presentations, 
communication, 
negotiation.
Microsoft Office
Teamwork.
Mr: Le Van Xiem
Director of SM Viet Nam 
Global Logistics .
Phone: 0972 986 583
Mrs: Le Thi Huyen Trang
Purchasing manager of 
Thainam Industrial Cleaning 
Services
Phone : 0978 989 009THAI NAM INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENT., JSC
6/2020 -12/2020SALE &CONSULTANT
•Join in finding, analyzing, and choosing foreign partners for the 
company.
•Offer the optimal solution: International shipping, customs 
clearance import.
•Estimate: Time, cost, and risk to choose suitable option for 
shipment.
•Tracking cargo and follow transport of shipment from the port 
of loading to Viet Nam.
•Advise the condition in the contract: Term, c ommodity , 
payment, warranty to import conveniently.
•Check and sure all the documents: Bill, Contract, Invoice, LC to 
make customs clearance when the cargo arrive Viet Nam.
CAREER OBJECTIVEREFERENCES2012 -2016
WORK EXPERIENCE
3/2016 -4/2020
04/02/1994
562 Tran Cung, Ha Noi
0987 687 806
Doanhuyen94@gmail.com
