INFORMATION  
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 
     08.9898.2390  
   hoanghoi101@gmail.com 
   08/Oct/1990  
    Tien Luc, Lang Giang, Bac Giang 
 
 
                                    EDUCATION  
 
         Thai Nguyen University of Technology 
   Major: Mechanical Engineering  
         Degree: Full time 
         Achieved:          -  Make seminar about industryal software (Ansys, Catia, ProE…) 
- Design     and  manufacturing Robocon in 2011-2012  
- Award in the national mechanical Olympics in 2013  
 
 
 
 
                     ACHIEVED AND TRAINING  
 
 2013     -  Award in the national mechanical Olympics in 2013  
                              - Award in mechanical design project on internet 
 2015     - Finished CAD advanced design course on NX software in Institute of Military  
                       Technology 
 2016     - Finished CAM basic course on WorkNC software in Cau Giay, Ha Noi   
                              - Finished Six Sigma course at Samsung Electronics Viet Nam 
 2017       -  Finished Mold design (copper casting mold) course at Viglacera company in Ha  
                                       Noi                                            
 2019     - CAD design Certificate in  R&D center at Panasonic Appliances Viet Nam  
                              - CAE Simulation Certificate between Janpanes and R&D center in Viet Nam 
                - Toeic Certificate 430 points.
Sep.2008  
Jul.2013                 
 
 
  EXPERIENCES  
Keosan Vina Electronic Vietnam  Dinh Tram Industrial Zone, Viet Yen,  Bac Giang 
  
       Design Engineer 
Main jobs 
 
- Design machine, new jig or repair jig for checking or processing of electronics product. (Discuss 
with customer about new product =>maker some ideas for this project => Design => 
Manufacturing => Check => Delivery).  
- Design and assembly the conveyor, working table… 
Software 
Using Pro ENGINEER 5.0,  NX8.5 and Auto CAD 2D for design  
Using the CNC machine, drill table machine, Milling machine, taro machine… to make 
product. 
 
Samsung Electronic Vietnam  Yen Phong Industrial park, Yen Phong, Bac Ninh 
 
R&D Engineer  
 Main jobs  
- Design tray  for trial of new model (Galaxy Tap, Galaxy S6, Galaxy A3, A5…), improve product 
quality. 
- Design Jig for CNC machine and some machines to make mobile phone structure.  
- Make CNC programing and using CNC machine for make Jig.  
- Testing and development new model before mass production  
 Other jobs  
- Make process apply for mass production  
- Assembly dimension data managerment. Measure assembly dimension of new model, surely 
dimension that in specification.  
- Cut aluminium material to structure analyse of product (painting thickness, defect of material...).  Jul.2013  
Nov.2014  
 
Nov.2014  
Apr.2017  
 Software 
Using  NX8.5 and Auto CAD 2D  for design and Work NC V19 for make CNC programing. 
Machine 
Using CNC machine to make Jig for CNC process. 
 
Viglacera Sanfi  Tay Mo, Nam Tu Liem, Ha Noi  
Design Engineer_Lavabo and shower product  
 Main jobs 
- Design  the  spout  products  for  bathroom:  spout   for lavabo prodcuts, shower.  
- Design  mold, press mold and make  programming  manufacturing for this products on CNC machine, 
Drill machine...  
- Make process for production mass of this product  
 Other jobs  
- Find new maker with purpose cost reduce and improve quality  
- Management plating line and matainance, repair plating line  
- Design new  jig or improve old jig for assembly and checking product (laser jig, checking water 
leak out jig…)  
- Created and upload information about all product on website and combine with QR code.  
 Software 
Using  NX8.5 and Auto CAD 2D  for design and Work NC V19 for make CNC programing. 
 
Panasonic Appliances Vietam      Thang Long II Industrial park, Yen My, Hung Yen 
 
Design Engineer_Refrigerator  
 Main jobs 
- Design new part, this is accord with maket or easy for manufacturing/assembly.  
- Design parts of refrigerator such as interior parts (case crisper, ice tray, dumper…), cabinet Sep.2017 
Jul.2018 
 
Jul.2018 
Present 
 (panel, table, frame…), door (shelf, water dispenser block…)… follow standard of Panasonic.  
- Study with manager and maker with new design about function, can maker product or not…  
- Check mold and part in maker before mass production.  
- Assembly component parts to make new refrigerator in factory  
- Make planing for testing of new refriregaror  
 Other jobs  
- Research and improvement all refrigerators product of Panasonic in Vietnam: remove parts and make 
schedule comparison between strategy products of Panasonic and strategy product of competitor, 
meeting and givent best slolutions for our product.  
- Cost reduction activity: Search, measure materials and find suppliers: search new materials and find 
new suppliers, and then test edurance of new material, them have same property to change 
material with purpose cost down products.  
- Make design change drawings with purpose cost reduce or improve quality. Drawings data 
managerment  on Team center system and working on PDM system  
- Endurance test, reliability test (structure test: opening and closing door, breaking door test…, 
cooling test: noise, consumtion…, control test: burn test, ans test… )  
- Leader project: mockup model for Dien May xanh dealer (Refrigerator omit compressor)  
- Achievement: + Certificate of CAD design on NX software  
                           + Certificate of CAE analysis on NX software  
 
        SKILL  
              Language  English: Daily Conversation Level 
 TOEIC 430 
              Computer  Word, Excel, Power point, PhotoShop... 
 CAD:  Pro Engineer/Creo, NX, Auto CAD… software design  
 CAE (NX software): static structural simulation 
 CAM (WorkNC): Make programming for CNC machine 
 Graphics: Ai, Corel Draw, Photoshop…              Manufacturing  Can use CNC machine, Milling machine, Drilling machine, Taro 
machine… to make mechanical products. 
Others  Ability good for communication 
 Ability to work under pressure 
 Ability to the team work or work independence 
 Ability analyze and choose to solve work  
 Ability research, creativity for new product  
 Good for time management 
  
  MY GOAL  
 I want to find  a company there I can work, have opportunity and challenge also will become the 
second of my house.  
 Learn more anything to improve       myself  
 Help more people (donate, poor people). 