CURRICULUM VITAE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
 
 Full name: LE PHUONG THAO 
 Date of birth: Aug 19, 1987 
 Place of birth: Tay Ninh 
 Gender: Female
 Contact address: Masteri, Thao Dien, Dist 2, HCM City 
 Telephone No: 0907- 045- 977 
 Email : thaolp1908@gmail.com 
 Degree: Bachelor 
 Experience: more than 07 years 
EDUCATION AND KEY 
QUALIFICATION 
 Graduated from Hong Bang University in 2010. Major: Finance- Banking. 
 Certificate of import - export of Economic University of Ho Chi Minh City. 
 Certificate of credit banking of Banking University 
 Certificate of English in level B 
 
WORKING EXPERIENCE 
 
 08/2010 – 01/2012: 
 
Company: Sacombank 
Position :  Consultant  
Job description: 
 
 
 
 



 01/2012 – Now: +Consult and sell products of bank to customer such as: deposit, loan, card 
and International payment( L/C, TT)...  
+ Receive and respond question for customer. 
+ Complete the document of international payments and then transfer to 
department as the same function. 
Company: Han Viet International Trading Company  
Position : Sale Assistant Cum Import export  
Job description: 
Assist sale to General Director in business " FORKLIFT" & " GENERATOR": 
+ Support the Director to find agents to introduce and distribute products 
+ Drafting and managing administrative documents related to business activities 
such as: making quotes, contracts, letters of offer, ... tracking contract terms and 
delivery progress 
+ Maintain and keep in contact with distributors to grasp future ordering needs 
+ Manage and track sales activities of Sale Team, urge work progress to 
complete set targets 
+ Track sales performance of sales staff to calculate sales and pay commission 
for Sale 
+ Making PO and placing order to Supplier in Korea & China 
 
+ Work closely with supplier  to follow up order’s status and delivery process to 
ensuring that deliveries are on time . Checking shipping document ( CI, PL, 
BL,C/O…)  
+ Coordinate with Forwarder to handle issues pertaining to customs clearance . 
+ Book Vessel, and coordinate with forwarder to load cargo to the port on time 
+ Repair export document ( Contract, PL, CL, BL,… ) other related doc to 
send to Buyer for export shipment 
+ Work with Viet Nam Register office to get Register certificate for forklift 
+ Control inventory and make order’s planning  
  + Coordinate with  Finance Dept to issue invoice, open Warranty bond, LC  
+ Find out domestic supplier for buying materials 
+ Submit fulfilled follow-up checklist to Director for reporting/ updating . 
+ Other relevant task as : make visa, work permit, Temporary residence card, 
book air ticket, Hotel… 
 
 
ORTHER SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE 
 
 Knowledge : 
- Quickly achieve good experiences from workplace learning, willing and able to do given task with minimized supervision. 
- Have knowledge about import- export, HS code, international payment, 
- Can use Ecus 5 customs decleration software  
- Have a good relationship with customers. 
- Have general knowledge of the company business process as a whole. 
- Capable of working independently and carefully with high accuracy as well 
as part of the team 
 Computer skill: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Language skill:  
- MS Excel: Advanced 
- MS Word: Advanced 
- Power Point: Advanced 
- Internet, Email: Very efficient use of Internet for information searching and 
generating. 
 
- Fluent English communication 
- Well reading, translating English Documents 
 
ACTIVITIES: Listen music, read news,gym 
 
REFERENCES: 
 
 Mr: Kim Gil Sung 
 Director- Daewoo Diesel Engine - Phone: (+62) 812 8727 9420 
 Mr: Ngo Truong Duy 
Deputy Manager – Keppelland 
Phone: 0909.434.990 
 
 
 
 
 
 