VIETSPACE co.,ltd -
Customer Service
Internship 2 0 1 5 2 0 1 6
VIETSPACE co.,ltd -
Customer Service
Junior2 0 1 7LÝ NHẬT QUỲNH NHƯ
PROFILE
Extremely motivated to constantly develop my skills and grow
professionally. I am confident in my ability to work under pressure
for the best success of organizations.
CONTACT
0984 637 673
nhatnhu.ly@gmail.com
District 1, , Ho Chi Minh City
EDUCATION
2014-2018
Bachelor of Business and Commerce
Bachelor of Marketing Western Sydney UniversitySKILLS
Exceptional communication and networking skills.
Successful working in a team environment, as well as
independently.
The ability to work under pressure and multi-task.
The ability to follow instructions and deliver quality results.
Forward-looking thinker, who actively seeks opportunities
and proposes solutions.
Flexibility/Adaptability. 
Recognizing and Managing Emotions.
Time management.Soft skills
WORK EXPERIENCE
2 0 1 9 2 0 2 0
YOUTH CULTURAL HOUSE
Exhibition Business
Support
Exhibition Executive
Support
SOONSOO EDUCATION
Business Development
ExecutiveILA VIETNAM
Assistant to CEO & Marketing
Sale departmentTechnical skills
English for academic purpose 5 of Western Sydney
University ( Equipollence of Ielts to  7 -  7.5)
Big Data Analysis
Social Media Management & Digital Marketing
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint,...)
Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop
PICO PLAY
Project Coordinator
Business Development
Executive Cristina LyPICO PLAY- PROJECT COORDINATOR &
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE
01/2020 - Current 
Project Coordinator
Maintaining and monitoring project plans, project
schedules, work hours, budgets and expenditures of
Pico Play project in Vietnam.
Ensuring projects adhere to frameworks and all
documentation is maintained appropriately for each
project.
Create a project management calendar for fulfilling each
goal and objective.
Chair and facilitate meetings where appropriate and
distribute minutes to all project team members.
Liaising with clients to identify and define project
requirements, scope, and objectives.
Ensure stakeholder views are managed towards the best
solution, organizing, attending and participating in
stakeholder meetings.
Developing project strategies, determining project
changes, undertaking project tasks as required. 
Documenting and following up on important actions and
decisions from meetings , preparing necessary
presentation materials for meetings.
Support for acceptance and payment after each project.
Projects in 2020
VINWONDER PARK  PHU QUOC - Dragon’s Spell - Attraction Design and Themed Fabrication
VINWONDER PARK PHU QUOC -Aladdin’s Grand Palace Tour - Attraction Design and Themed Fabrication
NOVA WORLD HO TRAM -  TIKI PARK - Water Park & Nature Park Masterplanning and Design Documentation
NOVA WORLD HO TRAM - CENOTE -Water Play Area Design and Planning
MOVENPICK HOTELS & RESORTS  - Entertainment Area Design and PlanningBusiness Development Executive
Contacting potential clients to establish rapport and
arrange meetings.
Planning and overseeing new marketing initiatives.
Researching organizations and individuals to find new
opportunities.
Attending conferences, meetings, and industry events.
Attending conferences, meetings, and industry events
both in Vietnam and Asia Area to introduce about the
organization and approach potential customers. 
Collaborate with design and production teams to
ensure contract service specifications are executed on-
time and as agreed.
Negotiate contract terms with clients and communicate
terms to partner and supplier. ILA VIETNAM - ASSISTANT TO CEO &
MARKETING SALE DEPARTMENT
05/2019 - 12/2019
Plan in coordination with Marketing and Sales the
support for all new launches.
Develop sales presenters & road shows for partners'
sales teams whenever needed .
Conduct periodically trade visit to assess new launches
implantation in key markets.
Assess launch success & prepare closing report for
major launches.
Align finance on promotional cost by promotion & all
related charges.
Manage Trade Marketing budget efficiently & ensure
cost policies are applied having in mind optimization
between quality & price.
Follow up customer relationships system. 
Organizes and plans the production of all major
marketing materials by working closely with printers,
sponsors, and other involved parties.
Undertake daily administrative tasks to ensure the
functionality and coordination of the department’s
activities.
Support for introducing the lasted marketing campaign
to 50 centers  in Vietnam. 
Update spreadsheets, databases and inventories with
statistical, financial and non-financial information. 
Report the affectation of social media advertising with
every campaign. 
Provide administrative and project support for a variety of
marketing programs.
Evaluate data from sale team and create reports on key
metrics in order to monitor campaign efficiency and
analyze trendsMarketing & Sale Department CEO
Completes a broad variety of administrative tasks for the
Marketing & Sale Department and CEO including: managing
an extremely active calendar of appointments, completing
expense reports
Provides a bridge for smooth communication between the
CEO's office and Marketing & Sale departments.
Works with the Strategic Initiatives team in coordinating the
CEO and Marketing and Sale department outreach activities.
Researches, prioritizes, and follows up on incoming
company events and concerns addressed to the CEO to
determines appropriate course of action, referral, or
response.
YOUTH CULTURAL HOUSE - 
EXHIBITION EXECUTIVE SUPPORT
05/2018 - 04/2019
Receiving customer's feedback to ensure high levels of
customer satisfaction.
Motivate the Docent team to meet exhibition
professional requirement objectives by training and
mentoring staff.
Plan and coordinate the workforce to best use
employees' talents.
Coordinate and supervise the work staff.
Resolve issues between employees.
Processing payroll, which includes ensuring vacation
and sick time are tracked in the system.
Do detailed ticket's revenue and profit reports to
Exhibition Executive Director.YOUTH CULTURAL HOUSE - 
EXHIBITION BUSINESS SUPPORT
05/2017 - 04/2018
Work closely with the Curators (both internal and
external) and Rights  and Reproductions team on the
delivery of individual exhibitions. 
Manage external consultants (designers, curators,
conservators), obtain necessary information, verify
details and deal with queries and difficulties as they arise. 
Liaise with internal departments as necessary during all
stages in the planning, organization and delivery of
specific projects to ensure good information flow and
smooth delivery of each exhibition.
Construct timetables, schedules and team-working plans
for reference by external stakeholders (guest curators,
exhibition designers, conservators).
Support manage all aspects of exhibition logistics for
touring exhibitions. SOONSOO EDUCATION CO.,LTD. - 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE 
FREE LANCE JOB
03/2018 - 09/2018 
Researching organizations and individuals online
(especially on social media) to identify new leads and
potential new markets.
Researching the needs of other companies and learning
who makes decisions about purchasing.
Contacting potential clients via email or phone to
establish rapport and set up meetings.
Attending conferences, meetings, and industry events.
Research information of agent partner systems:
consultants, government departments, advertising,
commercial and manufacturers. 
Report according to assigned task, based on charts and
collected data.VIETSPACE CO.,LTD -
CUSTOMER SERVICE JUNIOR
04/2016 - 05/2017
Assist customers through and after  the sales process.
Engage with potential customers and build rapport with
them.
Retain current customer base and initiate conversations
about updated promotions since their initial purchase.
Resolve any concerns, questions or confusion about the
packages offered with professionalism and clear
communication.
Data entry (sales figures, potential customer listings etc.)
Answering incoming calls; taking messages and re-
directing calls as required.
Diary management and arranging appointments,
booking meeting rooms and conference facilities.
Meeting minutes.
VIETSPACE CO.,LTD - 
CUSTOMER SERVICE INTERNSHIP
09/2015 - 04/2016
Screening calls and taking detailed that allocated to
Customer Service Department.
Managing and distributing all incoming and outgoing
post and couriers Photocopying, faxing, binding and
filing all department's documents.
Booking meeting rooms and organizing refreshments.
Other duties, including running personal errands and
booking lunches.
General office management such as ordering stationary