 
  
NGUYEN THI CUU   
(+ 84) 901 790 737  
cuucatminh@gmail.com   
Purchasing Officer, Daeyoung Electronics Vina , Ho Chi Minh  
 
   I’m a highly  dynamic , hard -working and responsible  person. Although  independence is my advantage, I love working  with people to bring the best 
results.  
 
EXPERIENCE  
June 2020  – December 2020  
Sales Consultant , Kas Corporation  
A technology company provides an entire  software solution for every single business, especially Hospitality.  
As the role of sale person, I looked  for potential customers and consulted  them about software solutions which suit to their businesses 
most. What is next, I handle d with all customer’s pains in turn and then persuaded customers to sign an agreement.  
 Got target of 30 million per month in the  past 5 months.  
 Improved self  – study and teamwork skills.  
 
 
July 2019  – April 2020  
Sales Executive , New Vision Logistics Co., Ltd  
A forwarder specializes in export  – import services by sea within Asia.  
My main  responsibilities  were  acquiring  new  customers  and giving  them logistics solutions, which were about shipping schedule and needed 
documents . If there was any questions raised , I discussed with the internal team and helped customers solved problems.  
 Got a list of highly potential customers to keep following  up. 
 Had three loyalty clients and achieved target of company monthly  
 
 
January 2018 – May 2018  
Sales Intern , S&H Business Solution Co., Ltd  
100% foreign direct investment company, specializing in international trading and marketing consulting business mostly between K orea and 
Vietnam.  
I was in charge of doing market research about industrial goods, cosmetic products, home appliances in Vietnam according to requests of Korea       
business. Afterwards, matched both Korea and Vietnam sides by calling,  consulting  and finally  holding meeting in a seminar .  
 Matched B2B successfully, contributed to 10% revenue per seminar for  com pany . 
 Maintained  good  relationships  with  customers,  facilitated  development  of company  later  
 
 
EDUCATION  
September 2015 – May 2019  
BUSINESS  ADMINISTRATION , FPT UNIVERSITY  
Emphasis:  Marketing  
GPA:  7.69  
January 2018 – April 2018 
AWAKE YOUR POWER INSTITUTE  
Public Speaking  
Grade: Honored  
 
SKILLS  
 Language: English (proficient in writing, reading, speaking and listening)  
 Computer: Proficient in Word, Outlook, Power Point   Customer -oriented  
 Presentation skill  
 
  
