1 
 RESUME 
 
INDIVIDUAL HISTORY 
Full Name : Nguyen Phuc An 
Date of birth : Nov 12th, 1978 
Address : 109, Block 10, Thanh Da Apartment, Binh Thanh Dist., HCMC 
Cell phone : 0906 385848 
E-mail address : an78.nguyen@yahoo.com.vn  
Sex : female 
Marital status : married 
 
EDUCATION BACKGROUND 
2014 – 2015 Certified Supply Chain Professional (CSCP) 
 APIC Certification Committee 
2012 – 2014 Certified in Production and Inventory Management (CPIM) 
 APIC Certification Committee 
2004 – 2006 Bachelor of Business Administration 
 HCMC Open University 
1996 – 2000 BA of English Linguistics and Literature  
 University of Social Sciences and Humanities 
1996 – 2000 French Diploma 
 IDÉCAF 
1997 A-Certificate of Computer Application 
 University of Natural Sciences  
 
TRAINING & CERTIFICATE 
2017 Aspire Leadership (Schaeffler AP) 
2016 Coaching for Performance (by TUV) 
2016 Managing Team Leader (by TUV) 
2016 Managing Manager (by TUV) 
2016 Problem Solving Skills – DISC (By Tower Watson) 
2015 Leadership mindset (by Toppion)  
2014 Train the trainer (by Tower Watson ) 
2013 Advanced Leadership (by Schaeffler SEA)  
2012 Essential Leadership (by Schaeffler SEA) 
2011 Warehouse Management (by TUV)  
2011 ISO/TS16949 (by TUV)  2 
 2002 ISO 9001 awareness (by MICC)  
 
SOFT SKILLS 
 Team Management 
 Problem solving 
 Presentation skill 
 Motivation skill 
 Time management 
 People management 
 Effective communication 
 Aspire Leadership 
 
QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE 
 
16th Sep 2019 – now: Supply Chain Manager at East West Industries Vietnam. 
Solid line report to General Director  
Dotted line report to Global Supply Chain & Logistics Director. 
The main responsibility is the operation process owner of the Group Supply Chain key processes 
and manage the following jobs: 
 Leadership: leading Production Planning, Procurement, Customer Service & Logistics, and 
Warehouses in all tasks related to supply chain as follow, 
 Production & capacity planning: 
 Responsible for organizing and executing all the planning activities 
 Responsible for the timely and accurate release of the Monthly Production 
Outlook, production plan and weekly production schedule by maximizing the 
production capacity  
 Inventory management 
 Master Data & planning parameter management 
 KPI: Ontime delivery, production attainment, Production line down by SCM 
 Request of creation of production line and clear Machine Type Allocation 
 Seizing of concepts to control the shop floor 
 Seizing of correct capacity data 
 In Case of overload – Check potentials to increase capacity 
 Procurement 
 Supplier demand/capacity management 
 Supplier order follow up 
 Supplier logistics contract. 
 KPI: Supplier on time delivery and Supplier logistics complaint 3 
  Reviews supplier performance and requests for improvement to ensure excellent 
service to the company 
 
 Customer Service & logistics 
 Co-define and implement in complementary of industrial department a complete 
logistic policy in accordance with the Group's strategy – align with industrial 
road map and thus establish adequate supply chain specific road map, within 
operations 
 Communicate with East West Head Office about order status and other logistic 
issues 
 Intercompany and local customer order management 
 Inbound/outbound logistics & tax liquidation 
 Contract management: 3PL management & customer contract 
 KPI: Customer on time delivery, logistics cost & Special freight  
 
 Warehouse management 
 FIFO, stock accuracy, stock aging 
 Cycle counting/year end stock take 
 KPI: production line down by SCM, inventory accuracy 
 Improve and optimize the WH efficiency by execution of LEAN Production 
LOG concept. 
 
 S&OP meeting (RCCP) 
− Coordinate the monthly S &OP meeting and follow up the customer order behaviour and 
balance the capacity planning. 
− Ensure scheduling of weekly capacity Meeting by production, SCM and Engineering 
− Define and execute actions as a result of S&OP meetings 
− Dissolve and/or controlling of Bottlenecks (internal/external) – Prioritization of 
Quantities and Dates/Sequences from Rough Cut Capacity Planning in the plan 
 
 Co-ordinating the promotion quotation process with the stakeholders, e.g. product 
development, Manufacturing Engineering, purchasing and controlling team. 
 Supply Chain team development:  
 Responsible for developing competencies in the supply chain team 
 Assure effective teamwork and results within the department by coordinating the efforts 
of all staffs 
 Identifying training and development opportunities for the staffs. 
Achievement 
 Improvement of Good Receipt process 4 
  Set up AX Demand – Supply Planning Tool 
 Set up indirect procurement tool 
 Pull in/push out customer order process 
 
Jan 2013 – 15th Sep 2019: Master Planning& Logistics Manager at Schaeffler 
Vietnam Co., Ltd. 
Solid line report to Managing Director 
Dotted line report to AP Supply Chain & Logistics Director and Product Line Global Supply Chain 
The main responsibility is the operation process owner of the Group Supply Chain key processes 
and manage the following jobs: 
 Leadership: Lead Production Planning, Procurement, Customer Service, Logistics and 
Warehouse in all tasks related to Supply Chain follow, 
 Schedulers: 
 Production planning (monthly) 
 Material Planning 
 Master Data management 
 Inventory management 
 
 Procurement:  
 Scheduling agreement in SAP 
 Supplier demand management. 
 Supplier Logistics performance: supplier delivery reliability and Supplier Logistics 
complaints. 
 Service Level Agreement (SLA) 
 
 Customer Service 
 Communicate with Schaeffler Head Office about order status 
 Customer demand management. 
 Customer delivery performance. 
 
 Logistics 
 Inbound/outbound 
 Tax liquidation 
 3PL management 
 Optimize the LOG cost and cost reduction of transportation 
 Warehouse management 
 FIFO, stock accuracy, stock aging 
 Cycle counting/year end stock take 5 
  Improve and optimize the WH efficiency by execution of LEAN Production LOG 
concept. 
 
 Demand management 
− Seizing of a stable demand check by disposition 
− Alignment of non-plausible demands with MV SCM 
− Alignment of demand grading in case of overload 
 
 Capacity planning 
− Request of creation of trains and clear Machine Type Allocation 
− Definition of processes for integrated planning 
− Seizing of concepts to control the shop floor 
− Seizing of correct capacity data 
− In Case of overload – Check potentials to increase capacity 
 
 DCC – Demand Capacity Check 
− Coordinate the monthly global Demand Capacity Check meeting and follow up the 
customer order behaviour and balance the capacity planning. 
− Ensure scheduling of DCC Meeting by segment/Master Planning 
− Execute DCC 
− Define and execute actions as a result of DCC meetings 
− Dissolve and/or controlling of Bottlenecks (internal/external) – Prioritization of 
Quantities and Dates/Sequences from DCC in the plan 
 
 SAP Master Planning Key user: be responsible for training & coaching for SAP knowledge 
that is related to production planning, procurement planning, capacity planning, demand 
planning, Inter-company procurement & sales.  
 Controlling the Plant Premium Freight and coordinating the supplier Logistics complaint 
 Co-ordinating the quotation process with the stakeholders, e.g. product development, 
Industrial Engineering, purchasing and controlling team. 
 Supply Chain team development:  
 Responsible for developing competencies in the supply chain team 
 Assure effective teamwork and results within the department by coordinating the efforts 
of all staffs 
 Identifying training and development opportunities for the staffs 
 E&S 
− Responsible for implementing, maintaining & improving the SVC- EMAS in compliance 
with ISO 14001:2004, OHSAS 18001 & other requirements (Schaeffler Group, 
customers, authority). 6 
 − Support and coordinate the necessary resources to establish, implement, maintain and 
improve the SVC- EMAS. 
 
Achievement 
 Integrated Planning project coordinator: Machine Type Assignment, Demand Capacity Check 
and Global Daily Walk (2014) 
 SAP project: Supply Chain Planning (2017) 
 New Product Relocation project: Production planning (2017& 2018) 
 Supplier Integration project: Service Level agreement (SLA) (2018) 
 ASN (Advance Shipping Notification) & GTL (Global Transportation Label) project (2019) 
 
Jan 2011 – Dec 2012: Central Planning Manager (Acting) at Schaeffler Vietnam 
Co., Ltd. 
Solid line report to Managing Director  
The main responsibility is the operation process owner of the Group Supply Chain key processes 
and manage the following jobs: 
 Leadership 
− Lead schedulers, procurement and Customer Service) in all tasks related to Planning as 
follow, 
 Production planning 
 Production planning (monthly) 
 Material Planning 
 Master Data management 
 Inventory management 
 Procurement 
 Supplier demand management. 
 Supplier Logistics performance. 
 Supplier Logistics complaint. 
 Customer Service 
 Customer demand management. 
 Customer delivery performance. 
 Demand management 
− Seizing of a stable demand check by disposition 
− Alignment of non-plausible demands with MV SCM 
− Alignment of demand grading in case of overload 
Achievement 
 TS-16949 certificate: supply chain key processes (order fulfillment, procurement, planning) 
 DOH of F-stock: 12 days 7 
  Delivery Reliability: 95% (MTO) 
 
2007 – 2010: Planning Supervisor at Henkel Vietnam 
Report to Supply Chain Manager 
The main responsibility is as follow , 
 Making MRP (monthly) based on sales forecast. 
 Checking production capacity, Inventory and ETA of RM to give the ATP to customer service. 
 Establishing production plan – weekly, monthly together with planning of raw material weekly 
report in-coordination with the Production Manager or reason for not meeting the schedules 
 Follow up production process, revise the production schedule timely and accordingly for any 
deviations to control Master Performance Schedule (MPS) 
 Liaising with Factory Production Supervisor and Production Manager on general operational 
matters as required 
 Negotiating with IC-customers on forecast, shipment schedule to guarantee delivery on time 
 Co-ordinate the shipment export plan with Logistics Team and the delivery plan for domestics 
customers with Customer Service  
 Optimize production plan to ensure facilities' full capacity, sources stability and sufficiency 
 Manage the safety stock of FG & RM 
 
Achievement 
 OTIF: 90% (MTS) 
 Forecast accuracy: 70% 
 
2000 – 2006: Production Management at Henkel Vietnam  
Report to Manufacturing Manager 
The main responsibility is as follow , 
 Support Customer Service Dept. to make delivery schedule, control customer’s claim. 
 Control slow moving product and report to Supply Chain Manager. 
 Assist Production Manager in preparing production plan, RM purchasing plan and production 
reports (monthly, quarterly, yearly).  
 Prepare all the reports concerning production.  
 Prepare Monthly MSCE Report (Manufacturing Supply Chain Excellence). 
 Manage daily PO from customers and make delivery schedule & production order. 
Achievement 
 Report is met due date and is always accurate 