Resume                      
Full name: NGUYỄN MỸ KIM                                                 
English name : Dollar Kim 
Current add : B502 happy city  nguyen van linh  Street,                  
 Binh Hung ward, Binh chanh, Ho Chi Minh city 
Tel: 0903 008 454 
Date of birth : Jul 21st, 1988 
Email: dollarmykim88@gmail.com  
General Information:  
• Total Years of Experience : 7 years experiences in shipping line & forwarding industry; 
• Language Proficiency : good writing and verbal English; 
• Degree Level : The University of Economics Ho Chi Minh City; Graduated in 2013; 
• Most Recent Job : Operation- Customer service dept 
• Most Recent Company : Phu Thanh Viet (PTV logistics company)-Headquaters in Korea 
• Current Job Level : Executive 
• Expected Position : Customer service/documentation 
• Expected Salary : Negotiable. 
Career Objective: 
• Join a multinational company to learn and experience the professional and personal development. 
• I believe that I am a responsible person so I care every single duty because I know that is very 
important. I want to become a valued employee of a company, make a difference and I'm willing to 
work hard to achieve any goal. 
Working Experiences: 
(2011- 2018): PTV Losgistic company (Headquaters in Korea) 
My responsibilities are among: ( Export - Import /FCL & LCL  ) 
✔  Find & negotiate with Carriers to get best rate & update continously for oversea agents &customers 
✔ Arrange and give available truck on time to customer for stuffing cargo 
✔ Smooth handling Sea-Air shipments: Issue all related documents including booking note,Prepare HBL 
to customers & verify with MBL, pre-alert docs, Manifest upload on customs website, Create Arrival 
notice, delivery orders, SOA..; 
✔ Monitor /Trace the cargo status until it arrives at the final destination, update daily report each day in 
system, Handle the whole operation of import consol FCL docs from Korea 
✔ Issue debit note/charge sheet to local customers and over sea agents;(term EXW, FOB, DDU, DDP, 
DAP..) 
✔ Complete other tasks provided by Operation Manager 
✔ Maintain good relationship with customers, well coordinate with local agents & oversea partners, 
coloader for smooth & effective cooperation. 
My responsibilities were among: 
✔  Specialize in how to instruct customer to get their shipping documentations (Original bill,delivery 
order, commercial Invoice, shipping certificate…) after checking all charges are being paid, receiving 
their appropriate LOI 
✔ Print VAT invoices for all Inbound/Outbound shipments, issue Cash Receipt voucher as well as 
inputting Ocean freight and local charges into system accordingly based on each contracts 
✔ Follow the process of shipment to solve problems if arise, including Calculating Demurrage, detention, 
storage & Plug fee, checking Free time offered according to every different contract to apply correctly. 
Education & Qualifications : 
✔ 2007-2010: Bach Viet College. My majority is foreign trade. 
✔ 2011-2013:The University Of Economics Ho Chi Minh City. My majority is foreign trade. 
✔ Mastering INCOTERM 2010, knowing full set of documents for export and import, CISG 1980 
Skills and Strengths: 
Having good feedbacks from customers and help increasing productivity of the company 20% every 
year. Being capable of working under high pressure and solving shipments problems, fast learner, 
Experience in communication with a range of people (both Vietnamese and foreigners) through my role 
as counter staff and customer service executive. ✔ Toeic:scored 600 
✔ Good at writing business email, listening skills 
✔ Good at common Microsoft Office 
✔ Good at teamwork and team building. 
✔ Paying close attention to customer in professional style & timely manner 
✔ Overcoming the high pressure of the job 
✔ Good controlling other related duties assigned by manager before deadline 
✔  Having experience in making shipping documents, in persuading customer to use company’s service 
✔ Exactness, carefulness and quickiness. 
Interests and hobbies: 
✔ Travelling to know worldwide culture 
✔ Reading Books in English or related to psychology 