 
  
NGUYEN THUY NGOC CHAU  
EXPERIENCE 
01/2019 – To date 
Company: SASCO (Southern Airports Services Joint Stock Company)  
Address: Tan Son Nhat International Airport, Ward 2, Tan Binh 
District, HCMC 
Title: Sale Responsibilities included but not limited to: 
 Support to advertise new products through social network 
services. 
 Introducing new products and replying all the questions of 
customers 
09/2011 – 12/2018 
Company: Triumph International (Vietnam) Ltd 
Address: No. 2, Street No. 3, Song Than Industrial Zone, Di An 
District, Binh Duong Province 
Title: Administration Officer 
Responsibilities included but not limited to: 
Admin (65%) 
 Do Admin tasks such as booking ticket & hotel, arrange 
meeting for GD….  
 Manage and arrange company activities such as Birthday, 
Christmas, Union Labor… 
 Payment control for costs in Triumph International 
Vietnam 
 Manage and make purchase order about material to 
ensure follow up manufacturing process smoothly 
 Assist Procurement Manager to purchase follow to 
activities project: such as seeking proposal, price and keep 
tracking for the whole process of purchasing  
 Running Report (Daily/ Weekly/ Monthly) 
 Tracking Samples 
 Meeting for workers 
 Assist paper work for Production   07/10/1990  
 39 Street 5, Linh Dong Ward, 
Thu Duc District, HCMC 
 
 0937773710 
 
 Chaumup710@gmail.com 
 
 
 
 
 
OBJECTIVE 
Looking forward to working in business 
field, public relations. 
Looking forward to working in a 
professional, competitive & modern 
environment. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Report directly to Head of Manufacturing 
 Compare price & quality of suppliers to make a deal & 
decision 
 Support Purchasing Department to find best suppliers 
Warehouse Officer (35%) 
 To make corrective action plans: to minimize the risks, loss  
 To manage and follow up the project status 
09/2010 – 08/2011 
Company: Be Yeu Shop 
Address: 378 Le Van Luong, Tan Hung Ward, Dictrict 7, HCMC 
                 270 Le Van Sy, Ward 14, Dictrict 3, HCMC 
Title: Manager 
Responsibilities included but not limited to: 
 Managing budgets for the shop 
 Seeking for potential client in fashion baby 
 Advertising products online 
 Looking for new supplier re-order and set up pricing 
 Writing bill & filling documents 
 Responsible for the completion of all work. 
 Making reports and sending to Director 
 Making report detailed revenues to Chief accountant every 
day 
 
EDUCATION 
Ho Chi Minh City University of Technology (HUTECH) 
 Qualifications: Banking and Finance 
 Completed: 2013 
 
SKILL 
 Communication: I am confident with my debating skill, 
whether it is a simple discussion with colleagues or a 
challenged negotiation with the customers.  I also work 
well with both individual and team environments. 
 Organizational and planning skills. 
 Able to work under pressure.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Working hard to meet deadlines and for the best results 
 Being willing to learn, studying and taking challenged 
works  
 Computer:  Knowledgeable with Word, Excel, Power Point 
and the Internet  
 
REFERENCES 
Name: Ms. Luu Thi Loan – Head Of Manufacturing 
Address: No. 2, Street No. 3, Song Than Industrial Zone, Di An 
District, Binh Duong Province 
Phone:  0348802040 
Email: loan.luu@triumph.com  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  