 
LONG  PHAM HOANG  
 Sapphire 2 – Vinhomes Smart City ·  094 888 4649  
Long19vb@gmail.com  · https://www.linkedin.com/in/long -pham -0870a741/   
  
EXPERIENCE  
JUN 2020  – PRESENT  
DIRECTOR ASSISTANT (FREELANCE R), CHAANG VIETNAM  
1. Sales Dept Management  
 Analyze sales record and history; build -up customer profiles  
 Propose strategic business plan based on  production schedule  
 Supervise and manage sales activities of sales staffs  
 Record daily report s from team members and analyze data  
 Establish and maintain partnership with dealers  
2. Branding  Support  
 Review company’s website and fanpage, suggest ideas to innovate the structure and 
content  
 Collaborate with digital marketing agencies to manage marketing campaigns  
 Propose ideas for community activities to promote the brand within a limited fund  
 Conduct market intelligence to improve company products and marketing strategy  
3. Trade Marketing  
 Revise seasonal trade marketing plan proposed by team members  
 Optimiz e plan to match with provided budget and resources  
 Keep track of seasonal promotions  executed by team members  
 Suggest ideas for events and activities such as dealer meetings, dealer contests or 
incentive trips  
 Participate in event organization process  
JUN 2017  – FEB 2020  
SALES AND MARKETING MANAGER , SCHMIDT MARKETING JS C. 
1. Business Development  
 Assist the Managing Director on sales and marketing function s 
 Search for new business partners and new products  
 Propose annual strategic business plan and work with business partners to maximize 
business results  
 Supervise overall  activities of sales team:  
- Prepare and manage sales plan  
- Keep track of sales activities to achieve t argets  
- Analyze reports from team members and improve team’s performance  
- Participate in key a ccount management along with team members  
 Propose pricing strategy  
 Manage inventory, prepare stock forecast and monthly purchase  
2 2. Marketing Management  
 Provide instruction and targets for marketing team  
 Supervise and maximize the use marketing materials  
 Man age trade marketing activities to support retailers  
 Review and optimize annual marketing plan and budget proposed by team members  
 Manage ATL activities including TVC campaigns, roadshows, advertorial s, editorials, 
product reviews…  
 Conduct  BTL activities  to improve brand -awareness such as seminars, workshop, 
exhibitions, photo trips, photo contests….  
 Develop, execute display corner concept in dealers’ physical stores : POSM, demo units, 
dummies, banners, logo….  
 Manage, enhance and evaluate advertising acti vities, focus on Facebook Ads and Search 
Engine Optimization  
 Perform market research including competitor monitoring, price matching, customer 
insights… Analyze the data and extract action plans to be more competitive in the 
market  
 Prepare and manage annua l promotion plans. Keep track of budget expense during 
promotion campaigns  
 Manage promotion items:  design , production  and s tock  management  
 Work with celebrities and production house in branding campaigns  
 Organize activation/launching events  
 Supervise quali ty of company’s pages, sites and profiles  
 In charge of in -house visual production (images, videos, flyers, brochures…)  
 Manage PGs at dealers’ sites  
 Establish relationship with communication partners  
3. Operation Management  
 Recruit and train staff  
 Manage P&L  
 Optimize internal resources to control business expenses  
 Set up KPI and commission scheme for the entire team  
 Perform monthly/quarterly/annual staff evaluation  
MAR 2014  – MAY 2017  
PRODUCT AND SOCIAL NETWORK  SPECIALIST , CANON MARKETING VIET NAM  
1. Product Marketing  
 Conduct research on designated products  
 Catalog, Brochure, Flyer & Technical Guides proof -reading  
 Deliver presentation and introduction on product launching events  
 Participate in regional (South Asia) product trainings session  
 Provide  weekly/monthly product training for sales staffs and dealers  
 Recruit and evaluate sales staff  
 Equip sales staffs with sales kit and technical skills  
 Work with creative agency to develop Key visual and adapt to different materials of 
Product launch, Events, Showroom decoration materials  
2. Social Network Marketing  
 Propose annual marketing plan and budget for Canon’s SNS  
 Manage all activities of Canon SNS including Facebook Fanpage, Instagram, YouTube…  
 Propose guideline and policy for all staffs to follo w to maintain a standard in company’s 
media  3  Collaborate with digital agencies to manage digital marketing campaigns: SEO, 
Facebook Ads, GDN…  
 Supervise/Inspect content provided by agencies  
 Analyze reports from agencies to evaluate their performance, provide  instruction for 
agencies to improve the KPIs (impression, engagement, conversion rate, CPM, CPA, 
CPC…)  
 Build up chat bot for Canon’s fanpage  
3. Support marketing team  
 Manage  the execution of designated product including  activation/launching events , 
exhibiti ons, seminar s... 
 Lead digital communication team during events and campaigns  
 Handle customers’ enquiries on SNS  
 Lead in -house production team to create creative visuals and artworks, provide 
solutions for company’s cost -saving innovation  
 Participate in eve nt organization with various scope from a group workshop to a 
80,000 -participant event  
4. Achievement:  
 Canon Breakthrough Award in Marketing - 2016 (individual award)  
 Canon Breakthrough Award in Marketing - 2017 (team award)  
 YouTube series (in -house):  
- Nhiep Anh 360: 2 seasons (2016 -2017)/3 versions  
- Crafty Selphy (YouTube series)  
SEP 2012  – MAR 2014  
PERSONAL FINANCIAL C ONSULTANT , STANDARD CHARTERED B ANK VIETNAM  
 Manage and anticipate client requirements  
 Build, understand and sustain relationships with clients  
 Consistent and frequent communication with client providing complete, concise portfolio 
valuations and guidance  
 Provide on -going portfolio supervision  
 Retain existing high value clients  
 Resolve client queries without further escalation  
 Effectively convert service recovery to sales opportunities and sustained client loyalty  
 Drive portfolio growth through existing to bank and increased product per customer ratio  
DEC 2011  – SEP 2012  
FOUNDER , LAPGIADINH.NET PROJE CT 
 Forum’s content management/administration  
 Approach wedding service providers to introduce Lapgiadinh project  
 Develop sales opportunities  through Google Display Network and pinned threads  
 Establish and m anage relationships with service providers  
 Prepare content for website and forum  
 Design website,  banner, advertisements…  
 Optimize website UX and UI  
 Set up and maintain the whole system  
FEB 2011  – DEC 2011  
DIRECT SALES OFFICER , HSBC VIETNAM  4  Business development  
 Manage existing customers and increase cross -selling opportunities  
 Develop new potential customers  
 Keep track of sales record  
 Collect applications from customers  
 Provide financial consulting services (mortgage, investment, insurance and card products…) for 
customers  
 Provide after -sales services to increase customer’s satisfaction  
 Conduct marke ting campaign to increase sales activities• Manage relationship with corporate 
banking officers  
 Develop collaboration with auto dealers/agencies to increase sales opportunities  
 Manage a small team of 5 credit officers  
- Make schedule for team members  
- Keep tr ack of team members’ activities  
- Assist team members to solve difficult situations in daily work  
 Prepare daily/monthly report of the whole team and submit to the line manager  
EDUCATION  
DEC 2010  
BACHELOR DEGREE OF C OMPUTER SCIENCE , HANOI UNIVERSITY  
 AmCham  Scholarship 2010 winner 2010  
 Annual scholarships for HANU's Top Students 2010  
 Annual scholarships for HANU's Top Students 2009  
 Annual scholarships for HANU's Top Students 2008  
 3rd prize in HANU Student’s researches conference 2008  
 Annual scholarships for HANU's Top Students 2007  
AUG  2015  
DIGITALIZE MARKETING  CERTIFICATE , SAGE - BRAND & COMMUNICATIO N ACADEMY  
REFERENCE  
PREBEN HJORTLUND  (MR.)  
MANAGING DIRECTOR, H ITC LTD.  
Tel: 090 340 1671  NGUYEN THI THU TRANG  (MS.)  
CHIEF OPERATIONS OFF ICER, HITC  LTD.  
Tel: 098 319 2387  
VO DUY (MR.)  
FOUNDER, LAYLA TEA  
Tel: 097 595 6644  PHAN HA DIEP (MS.)  
MARKETING COMMUNICAT ION MANAGER, KPLUS  
Tel: 091 481 0606  
 