CURRICULUM VITAE  OF TRAM PHAM  
 
CAREER  OBJECTIVES  
A challenging role to pursue a highly rewarding career, seeking for a healthy work environment 
where I can utilize efficiently my skill and knowledge of brand management, advertising and 
market research  to win every business  that I am part of the team.  
PERSONAL DETAILS  
 Full name:   PHAM HOANG TRAM  
 Date of birth:   12nd Mar 1983  
 Mobile Number:  0903 340 896  
 Email:   phamhoangtram123@gmail.com      
  OVERVIEW  
 Mult i facet experience in working with branding, strategic communication, trade marketing, and 
market research. Deep understand the market structure of retail , medical  and food service, 
customer behaviors and relation management, and industry operation  
 Expert knowledge in critical parts of strategic planning and performance marketing, 
merchandising, promotion and campaigns, warehouse and inventory management and logistic 
operation , P&L structuring  
 Very familiar with product launching: product concept trend, seg mentation, distribution, 
pricing.  
 Obtaining a wind range of knowledge in terms of vertical industries including FMCG and 
nutrition, consumer care, financials, marketing communication and sale operation, demand 
planning with all together form a total busine ss mindset that is excellent in conceptualization, 
planning, implementation and execution management.  
 Passion in communication and trade marketing.  
 Smart, capable of understanding and very well coordinating with all professional departments 
from legal, fi nance, sales, supply chain, warehouse   Strong leadership skills, used to lead a team of 30 persons, but also very excellent in individual 
work. Very courageous in making decisions and fully responsible to the work. Inspiring the 
team to follow the core spir it of business.  
 Very practical in terms of making marketing strategy to support sale performance.  
 Excellent command of English and communication skills (writing, speaking, presenting, 
reporting) and good at convincing . 
   
EDUCATION & TRAINING CERTIFICATES  
 
From 2002 to 2006   National University – Foreign Trade University HCMC  
Degree     Bachelor of Foreign Trade – Faculty of Economics  
 
  WORKING HISTORY  
 
From 01.2018 – up to now  New Viet Dairy  
Position    Head of nutrition unit  
Main duties   
 
1. Sale and marketin g management for nutrition group product business : 3 marketing staffs, 30 
medical staffs and sale staffs.  
2. P&L management for the business unit: responsible  for the sale target, EBIT  and A&P 
budget.  
3. Product category:  Regilait milk powder : 4SKUs , Babybio organic baby food : 16 SKUs , 
Vitabio organic fruit : 9 SKUs , Slim Secret nutrition bar : 5 SKUs , organic whey protein 
powder : 3 SKUs , Taylor Pass  manuka honey: 7 SKUs  
 P&L of group product structuri ng and management : utilize the budget to 
harmonize the spend portion of each brand  
 Product launching management : segmentation, positioning, pricing, 
distribution planning, training  
 Principle management : product legal contracting, budget and pricing 
managem ent,  
 Trade and brand marketing management : leading performance marketing 
campaigns including planning, budgeting and optimization for ROI 
metrics, ensuring the execution. Planning promotion for short date or 
suppressed products to sell before deadline. Di gital communication 
briefing for product information, promotion, lifestyle trend on the 
company selling website, building the image of nutrition product group 
under one platform.  
 
Achievement:  
 Developing  and managing  the new nutrition team with 30 persons 
including marketing and sales   Regilait increases more than 1000% after 1 year in term of volume  to win 
the value of 60 bil in the year 2018  
 Many new product launch in 1 year such as: Babybio, Vitabio, Slim 
Secret, etc..  to fulfill the nutrition group produ ct portfolio which 
contribute to 10% share of total revenue of Food service and retail       
 New channel distribution establishment: medical, mom and baby shops  
 Distribution channel aligned with plan: 20% GT, 80% medical to win the 
sale target at 66 bil yea r 2018  
 Trade marketing and brand communication planning and execution: 
activation, event, promotion, POS communication, HCP, digital 
communication  
From 10.201 5 – 12. 2017  New Viet Dairy  
Position    Group Brand Manager  
Main duties   
 
Responsible for some cate gories such as: dairy (cheese, milk powder, UHT milk, butter, whipping 
cream, cooking cream, etc), sauce (convenient cooking sauce, mustard), canned food (pate, fish 
seafood, etc), fruit juice, mineral water, baby food  
 Managing the P&L and A&P budget for b rands.  
 Constantly prepar ing for many new launching products.  
 Developing new group of products : nutrition  
 
 
Achievement:  
 Paysan Breton cheese and milk: launching new SKUs to fulfill the range : 
new cheeses, sampling activation, promotion, digital communica tion in 
retail market. Segmentation and positioning for Food Service market : 4 
and 5 stars class.  Paysan Breton take the leading brand in contribution to 
the revenue of the food service and retail which is at nearly 40%  
 Eru cheese: launching new SKUs to fu lfill the range, sampling activation 
promotion, digital communication in retail market : 100% availability in 
supermarkets: Coopmart, Lotte, Big C, Mega, Giant, Aeon, Emart, 
Citimart, Vinmart, etc.  
 Who Hup cooking sauce: visibility, expanding distribution  in GT: 
availably in some big wet markets by doing  sampling activation, 
promotion, ad hoc trade promotion.  
 Pate Henaff: visibility, expanding distribution, promotion : 100% 
availability in supermarkets  
 Pfanner, UFC fruit juice: visibility, sampling activation , trade fair, 
promotion.   Regilait milk powder business leading : setting up new marketing and sale 
strategy  
 Lauretana, Pure New Zealand, Vichy Celestin, Vals, Thonon, 
Courmayeur mineral water category launching : food service channel: 4 
or 5 stars class  
 Fallot mustard launching : special restaurant with Japanese style  
 Vitagermin baby food launching : launching the baby food the catch up 
the organic trend. Building up new channel: mom and baby shops  
 Brand positioning for both of retail and food service market, product 
training, budget control.  
 Food and hotel event and activation 2018 : product display, new client 
development , cooking demo, etc.  
 Training and sales briefing  
 Medical/nutrition channel budget developing  
 
 
   
 
From 11.2012 – 5.2015  FONTERRA BRANDS VIET NAM  
Position    Acting B rand Manager  
Main duties   
 
Responsible for Anlene brand management including managing the budget and running the Anlene 
business with support from cross -functional teams.  
 A&P budget structuring and management: monthly budget spendi ng and 
acrual.  
 Communication and media , PR managing:  agency management: briefing 
and reporting, data analyzing . 
 Internal projects leading:  leading all the internal projects which required 
the corporation of all professional departments and distributor.  
 
    Achievement:  
 Volume got the highest record of the history: more than 300 tons per 
month.  
 Anlene brand communication: 3 testimonials TVCs which proves the true 
story of woman bone heathcare: “Anlene – Xương chắc khoẻ cho phụ nữ 
năng động” along with media  plan, PR and activation  => TVC 
awareness: 100% spontaneous, 80% top of mind, penetration: 80% of 
market share   Calcimeter program which is run among sales team and medical team to 
support the saleman and medical presentative : tablet for med reps and 
sale r eps to educate consumers about the brand and nutrition and to take 
them to action to buy product: increase the premium image of the brand 
through the sale and consultant team: 100% applied nationwide.  
 Retention program which helped to keep the current user s: activities to 
help the CRM team to keep tracking with the current users, preventing 
them from switching to other brands: the number of retained consumers 
increased 70% after 1 month.  
 Bonescan program and medical program which run nationwide to support 
the brand image communication and increase the sales : brand image 
building through POSMs, bone health consultancies, push sale at side.  
 P&L management.  
From 07.2010 – 11.2012  LOWE  VIETNAM CO. LTD,   
Position    Account Manager  
Main duties   
 
 Responsible for b rands Knorr, Walls and Close Up: key contact of all 
campaigns for Unilever Best Food and Oral Care: brand strategy, brand 
development, mainly responsible for ATL activities, BTL activities.  
    Achievement:  
 Knorr granule tenderloin, shinbone & marrow launc hing campaign: TVC, 
print, in store, VAN communication activation.  
 Knorr meal maker launching campaign: TVC, print, in store, VAN 
communication activation.  
 Knorr meal maker TET activation: in sto re decoration, product sampling 
at food counter  
 Wall’s Cornet to – Say it with Cornetto campaign: TVC, digital, 
activation.  
 Paddle Pop – Begins: TVC, stick promotion.  
 CloseUp Fire Freeze launching: TVC, print, in store.  
 
From 08.2009 to 07.2010  DENTSU VIETNAM CO. LTD,  
Position    Account E xecutive  
Main duties  
 
 Respons ible for account Kirin Acecook with ready to drink tea category: 
key contact for the new lau nching ready to drink tea campaign s. 
 Responsible for account Daiichi Life Vietnam: key contact for insurance 
product campaigns.      Achievement : 
 Kira RTDT launching  campaign: concept development, packaging 
development, TVC, print.  
 Daiichi Life Universal Life product: print, radio.  
 Jetro Vietnam: conducting research and analyse to consult Japanese 
businesses how to step into Vietnam market through food sampling 
activa tion. 
 
From 04.2006 to 08.2009  CIMIGO VIETNAM CO. LTD,   
Position    Market Analyst /Senior Market analyst  
Main duties  
 
 Responsible for account Unilever on tracking projects for al 5 categories: 
haircare, homecare, oralcare, personal wash, skincare; contribu tion to 
reporting directly to Unilever.  
 Responsible for Preview projects and Link projects (testing TVCs before 
or after aired).  
 Adhoc project managing for other clients.  
 Skills: Project management including: attending briefing with clients, 
monitoring  
 
REFERENCES  
 Available upon request  
 