 
1/4 
  Ms. PHAM THI KIEU OAN H 
Date of birth: 1st September 1994  
Address: 6A Le Lai, Ward 3, Vung Tau City  
Mobile phone: 09 35.823.463   
Email: violaoanhpham@gmail.com   
PERSONAL INFORMATION  
I’m an enthusiastic and energetic person. I am experienced in coordinating and supporting 
the work of others as well as motivating myself to work alone. I can prove ability to handle and 
manage office environment. Possesses effective organizational skills as well as willingness to 
work above and beyond the call of duty.  
 
QUALIFICATION & EDUCATION  
QUALIFICATION  
- Bachelor diploma in Business Eng lish  
- Subject completed: Business Correspondence, Office English, T ranslation, Interpretation , 
Business Management, English for Marketing.  
- Secretarial Skills and Office Administration Certificate  
- Communication Skill Certificate  
- Presentation Skill Certificate  
- Creativity Skill Certificate  
- Top Intern Performers Cert ificate in Jobstreet.com Co. Ltd.  (2016)  
EDUCATION  
2012 - 2016 : Ho Chi Minh City of  Technology (HUTECH)  – Bachelor diploma in Business English  
2009 - 2012: Vung Tau High School  in Vung Tau City   
 
2/4 
  WORK EXPERIENCE  
Retail assistant, Tea shop (2012 -2014 ) 
Initially I worked as a part -time cashier and following a brief training period I was promoted 
to shop assistant. My duties included opening the shop, arranging the shop , and informing 
customers about promotional campaigns.  
 
Sale Assistant, Stella Bridal (2014 -2016 ) 
I worked as a part -time Sale Assistant who helps the manager have as much as contracts.  
My duties included  open and close the shop, help bridals change their wedding dresses, and 
informing customers about promotional campaigns.  
 
Sale Inter n , Jobstreet.com Co. Ltd. (2016 ) 
 Responsible for individual's performance, achieve target for UCC, UCP and UJP                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
 Ensure good relationship with customers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
 Provide good customer service and after sales service to customers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
 Ensure to follow company's procedure for compliance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
 Promote Jobstreet .com  Co. Ltd's brand name as trusted partner for online recruitment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
 Use, update and improve Sal es Spiels/  Sales Scripts on daily works                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 Focus on continuous improvement                                                                                                                                                                         
 Ensure to update customer's information on Intranet/  CRM systems correctly in timely 
manner  
 
Secretary of Sarimi Condominium ’s Management , Dai Quang Minh Real Estate Investment 
Corpo ration (Mar , 2017  – Mar , 201 9) 
 Welcome, support visitors to contact Residents and guide to the apartment.  
 Guide R esidents and visitors to fill in the form.  
 Receive requests, complaints and  opinions of R esidents and solve the problem in a 
professional manner.  
 Understand the rules and regulati ons to answer the questions of R esidents.  
 Receive and transfer calls and messages to the right person.  
 Keeping good relationships with Residents.  
 Distribution of newspapers, letters and water bills to Residents.  
 Upd ate "Resident Information" daily (input -output, change of household head, etc. ) 
 Manage the registration  and issuance of car parking  for R esidents.  
 Manage t he resident registration of R esidents.  
 Store and arrange records reasonably. Write and follow daily d epartment logs.   
3/4 
   Support other departments in the scope of work and ability.  
 
Front Office Manager  of Sun and Sea Leisure Hotel , Vietnam Sun and Sea Company Limited 
(Oct, 201 9 – Now ) 
 Train and retrain  all front office personnel.  
 Participates in the selection of front office personnel.  
 Schedules the front office staff.  
 Supervises workload during shifts.  
 Evaluates the job performance if each front office employee.  
 Maintains working relationships and communicates with all departments.  
 Maintains master k ey control.  
 Verifies that accurate room status information is maintained and properly 
communicated.  
 Resolves guest problems quickly, efficiently, and courteously.  
 Updates group information. Maintains, monitors, and prepares group requirements. 
Relays infor mation to appropriate personnel.  
 Reviews and completes the credit limit report.  
 Works within the allocated budget for the front office.  
 Checks cashiers in and out and verifies banks and deposits at the end of each shift.  
 Prepare performance reports related  to the front office.  
 Maximize room revenue and occupancy by reviewing status daily.  Monitor the selling 
status of the house daily.  
 Monitor high balance guests and take appropriate action.  
 Operate all aspects of Front Office computer system, including so ftware maintenance, 
report generation, and analysis, and simple configuration changes.  
 Prepare revenue and occupancy forecasting.  
 Monitor all of V.I.P 's special guests and requests.  
 Maintain required pars of all front office and stationery supplies.  
 Revie w Front Office log book and Guest feedback forms daily.  
 
CAREER OBJECTIVES  
 Working in a professional and dynamic workplace  
 Responsibility and patience of job.  
 Good listener and communicator.  
 Passion for customer service.  
 Using my skills and knowledge in the best possible way for achieving the job's goals  
 Making the customer always feel satisfied with their products and services  
 To obtain a position as a manager in a people -oriented organization with a challenging 
environment, to achieve the corporate goals, and to maximize my skills and experience.   
4/4 
  SKILLS  
 English language and computer skills.  
 In-depth knowledge of Microsoft Office suites and internet telephone operations.  
 Quick learner of new software applications.  
 Prepared and organized paperwork and  other materials as needed for meetings, 
conferences, travel arrangements, and expenses reports.  
 Maintained office scheduling and event calendars.  
 Composed, typed, and distribute meeting agendas and minutes, routine 
correspondences, and reports.  
 Set up and  handled incoming mail and office filing systems.  
 Collected and coordinated the flow of internal and external information.  
 Managed office equipment and office space.  
 Established the administrative work procedures for tracking staff’s daily tasks.  
 
INTEREST  
 Listen to music  
 Read  novels  
 Travel oversea  
 Shopping.  
 