TRAN HONG NGA
SENIOR BUYER
ABOUT 
         A skilled executive having approximately 2-year experience specialized in direct
materials procurement at a global EMS company, pursuing the great interest in supply
chain, having the willingness for new challenges and always keeping moving forwards
to improve and get better.PERSONAL INFORMATION
Gender: Female
D.O.B: 4th July, 1998
Marital Status: Single 
Address: Dist. 10, Ho Chi
Minh City(+84) 32 841 1710
hongnga4798@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/
nga-tran-653896188/    
Education:   Bachelor's Degree of International Business Management,
  University of Economics HCMC.
  GPA: 8.3/10
Qualifications:     - TOEIC Certificate with score 770 issued by IIG (2019)
   - Certificate of S.O.C Institute - Advanced Logistics Course: Well finishedEDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS 
Key Skills:  SKILLS AND LEARNING 
-  System Applications and Products (SAP) & daily reports execution:
materials shortage/ excess for packaging, delivery schedule report,
receipt order report, customized data-to-clean reports,...
-  Supply Procurement: Master Production Scheduling (MPS), Materials
Requirements Planning (MRP), Materials Sizing (MS)
-  New Production Introduction (NPI): new packaging development
(build- to- mass production), RFQ Searching and Open market Buy.
Learning: 
   Supply Chain Analytics
   Supply Chain Fundamentals
   Supply Chain Design
   Supply Chain Dynamics
   Supply Chain Technology and Systems- MITx's MicroMasters Program in Supply Chain Management: credential
offered by MITx & edX is an advanced, professional, graduate-level
foundation in Supply Chain Management consisting of 5 courses: 
-  "Tsinghua Chinese: Start Talking with 1.3 Billion People"- an online 
 introductory Chinese language course for beginner offered by Tsinghua
University and edX. Involve in decision making of MPS loading through proper materials sizing.
Issue PO to pricing, terms & conditions that are negotiated and agreed to by
Commodity Managers and Buyers. Ensure suppliers’ adherence to established
agreements.
Analyze, maintain, and execute Materials Requirement Plan (MRP);
continuously daily monitor and verify materials pipeline to ensure it meets the
MRP requirements through on- time delivery and coordination of materials
movement from receiving to production. 
Maintain the integrity of master data and purchasing planning parameters in
order to minimize material liability and to balance the cost of procurement with
inventory investment levels by continuously weekly review.
Optimize order management process to ensure effective communication with
suppliers.
Monitor and continuously improve the supplier’s delivery and quality
performance: address and resolve recurring or critical issues by utilizing
corrective action tools and additional resources; provide feedback on supplier
performance (delivery, quality, and services).
Weekly review on nettable and non-nettable materials report: MRB (Materials
Review Board), RTV (Return to vendor), RTC (Return to customer), SLED
(Shelf life expiration date).
Track and follow up shipment strictly to ensure there is no delay affecting to
production.
Coordinate with operator to solve trouble shelf to ensure materials availability.
Support Global Accounts Payable Team in resolving invoice discrepancies.
Involve in working and developing new vendors, deploying and officiating
approved vendors in SAP thru eVMM tool followed Jabil's global process.
In charge of packaging materials: new packaging development (RFQ, sourcing,
create and maintain new packaging in ERP, display purchasing info records
and souced list). Control packaging thru JIT delivery schedule.EXPERIENCES
The 1st runner- up in Show & Share Program Semester Coursework 2020:
"Localization to change source of packaging to cover materials shortage due to
Covid- 19 pandemic" - Total saving cost of $ 6000 in year 2020. 
Team- member of eKaizen Projects: "Re-allocate PCBA label" and "Use macro
excel file to implement tasks".
Mission:Jabil Vietnam Company Ltd., - An American worldwide manufacturing services
company (EMS)
Direct Procurement ExecutiveJuly 2019 - present
Achievement and Awards:Learn to be persistent and patient with students who have their own individual
characteristics.
Get communication and persuasion skills when trying to approach and
convince students to co-operate fully in the studying process.
Make brain work to find potential solutions to problems in studying. 
Learn well-prepared skill to make everything happen smoothly. Gains:         Supervise the students' lessons at school; explain what students have not
understood and help them with some quick formulates.
Be responsible for supporting students to do their homework and checking if
there is any mistake.
Prepare other difficult assignments and weekly revision tests of what the
students have learned at school. Missions:  Oct 2017 - July 2019
Nhan Van Tutoring Center - a company providing tutor services 
Personal Tutor
Personal achievements:  Gain approximately 265 million VND of revenue in
both Purchasing and Logistics courses from July 2018 to June 2019; Be
recognized as The Best Sales Employee in 2018.
Department's achievements: Always get the highest revenue of the three
product teams with some over- achieved revenue months.
Other skills: Working under pressure  with monthly target; Improve
communication and negotiation skill when convincing customers to study at
S.O.C Institute; Learn to build trust and maintain relationship with customers.Achievements:  Take responsibility of consulting customers interested in courses related to
Logistics and Purchasing both on Facebook fanpage and directly. Celebrate
educational seminars and sharing events to improve business brand as well as
sell specialized courses.
Check what has happened on Facebook fanpage, especially about advertised
content and concerned comments about courses.
Take part in team meetings and offer suggestions to raise monthly revenue.
Collect potential customers' information through events, workshops and online
activities to conduct telesales.
Keep in touch with customers and support them during courses.
Work with other departments' colleagues to make everything go smoothly.
Collect and work with numbers to make monthly reports. Mission:        
Awards: Best Sales Employee in 2018  S.O.C Consulting Co., Ltd - An educational service company
Sales ExecutiveJuly 2018 - July 2019
Ms. Ho Thi Kim Lien - Purchasing Lead of Schneider WC at Jabil Vietnam Ltd., 
Phone number: 076 741 0185
Email: thikimlien_ho1@jabil.com
Mr. Huynh Song Kha - Co- founder of S.O.C; Sales & Marketing Manager at
RHENUS Logistics
Phone number: 098 630 7567
Email: songkha.huynh@gmail.com
Mr. Nguyen Thanh Hoi - Chief of Contract Division Department at Tecotec HCM
Phone number: 036 347 4430
Email: thanhhoihcmutrans@gmail.comREFERENCESCommunication skill
Presentation skill
Time management skill
Language: Fluent in English
Information technology: Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point. 
Working under high pressure and Team-work skillParticipant in Run For The Heart 2016  & 2019 (11/2016 & 11/2019): A charity
running event with about 20,000 participants aiming to bring more heart surgeries
to Vietnamese poor children.
Collaborator of sponsor at Big Event "Marketing- Stop talking, Keep
fighting" (11/2018): An inspired sharing event about marketing career path.
Green Summer Voluntary Campaign 2017 - Youth UEH CommunitySOCIAL ACTIVITIESGet communication skill when convincing customers to take part in free-
charged demo periods and consulting about courses.
Get team- work skill when working with other colleagues.   Take responsibility of consulting customers who are interested in courses
related to English Speaking and Foundation courses face-to-face and
through Facebook.
Celebrate educational seminars and free- charged periods to sell English
courses.
Find and collect potential customers' information through events, workshops
and online activities to conduct telesales.
Work with other colleagues to make everything go smoothly.Missions:Sales TraineePasal International JSC - an educational companyJune 2018 - August 2018
OTHER COMPETENCIES
Gains: