 
APPLICATION LETTER  
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam  
 
My name is Tran Thi Kieu Thoa, I graduated in Accountant and Business 
Administration major. I had worked f or a foreign company more than 17  years in various 
positions: HR management, Warehouse  management, Develop sales sample material, 
Purchasing  group leader . I have a lot  experience s of placing order  to Domestic and 
Oversea Vendors. Evaluating, discuss ing and resolving all the problem related to material 
quality . 
I also have knowledge of inter national payment, Im -Export, Accounting 
operations . I can work independent ly and team work, a bility to  work under high pressure.  
It may not as exact  as your requirement but I’m sure,  I can do it well.  
Regarding to my effort, I believe that I can contribute  to your co mpany’s 
succession. I hope, I am able to work here where dynamic environment and professional.  
Thanks for your consideration for my letter. Hope to get your preci ous reply in the 
soonest time, p lease contact me via cell phone no: 0938.665.430 an d Email address: 
kieuthoalth@gmail.com  
(Enclosed is my resume, which has more detail information for your reference)  
 
Respectfully Yours,  
 
Kieu Thoa  
 
  
 
Personal information       
 
Full Name:    Tran Thi Kieu Thoa      
Date of Birth:    September 10th, 1983  
Place of Birth:   Dong Nai  
Gender:    Female  
Marital Status:  Married    
Nationality:       Vietnamese  
Address:            Pham Van Thuan Road, Tam Hiep ward, Bien Hoa city, Dong Nai Province   
Mobile:    0938. 665. 430  
E-mail:    kieuthoalth@gmail.com  
      
 
Work Experiences : 17 years worked for foreign company (TAEKWANG VINA CO.,LTD)  
 
 2009 to Jul.2019 :  
• Material Department’s Purchasing Group Leader  (Oversea and Domestic)  
   + Getting customer’s order via Business team and refer material specifications  
from Develop team.  
   + Count  the yield for every kinds of material in one model.  
   + Distribute work to everyone in group and getting the feedback.   
   + Proceed placing  order for long -lead-time materials in advance . 
   + After getting MRP released from production team, make  a comparison  
betw een Spec and MRP then  place order for the rest materials.  
   + Receive  all purchasing request from Development Team for Sample order as 
well.  
   + Send  order sheets to Vendors  
   + Check  production plan, Trial plan and forecasting delivery schedule.  
  + Get  all information from Vendors (Price, Lea d time, Capacity, ETD, ETA,  
Payment,…)  
  + Make  new price confirmation to the BOD.  
  + Set up payment schedule to Venders.  
  + Follow  orders until they have arrived at Warehouse.  
  + Provide  material to production team on time via ERP system.  
  + To be re sponsible for delivery term and material quality.  
  + Ask  to claim for damages if there is any bad quality . 
  + Work  with Im -Export team for opening customs clearance docs . 
  + Work  with Account team for payment after or before shipment.  
• Other Jobs  
   + Seek  new vendors . 
   + Create  good cooperation with partners . 
   + Assesse  Venders’ delivery status and material quality and feedback to Nike 
Customer every month.  
  + System controller  of Material department.  
  + Make a general report for claiming  materials from suppliers (Domestic, 
Oversea, and Korea h ead office ) 
 
 2005 – 2009 : Inventory management via ERP System   
   + Receive  material request sheets from production team and issue them by ERP 
system.  
   + Send the  Issue material sheet to warehouse keeper and make sure material has 
been delivered to production team on time.  
   + Check  stock and print out inventory data to warehouse keeper  everyday  
  + Make the  balance quantity between actual and system Inv entory  and then 
analyses information to Director    + Make p lan for  long te rm inventory usage and compute  inventory cost.  
  + Conduct  stock taking monthly  and take  responsible for inventory databases.  
  + Prepare the r elevant Docs for checking by local and oversea Audit . 
 
 2002 – 2005: Human resource management ( over 200 members)  
   + Check  in-out workers and register in HRM system everyday  
   + Control  daily overtime work  
   + Communicate timely information to everyone  
   + Request and provide  stationeries  
   + Compute  and deliver monthly salary to employers  
   + Rep ort and clear up queries related to trade union and labor law.  
 
 
Education   
 
• 2003 - 2008: University graduate in Business Administration Major  
• 1998 - 2001: High scho ol graduate in Accountant Major  
• Level B of Computer  
• Level B of English  
 
Activities  
• To be an exemplary union member many years  
• To achieve excellent leader in 2004, 2008, 2019  
• Attending m any charitable organizations in/ outside company  
• Attending activities in / out of production purpose as well  
Skill  
 
• Good communication in English and Vietnamese.  
• Computer skills: Ms Word, Excel, Outlook and Power Point,…  
 
Hobbies  
 
• Surfing website  
• Listening to music  • Singing  
• Travelling  
 
Personal Profile  
 
• To be fervent, easy going, careful and thoughtful. I'm friendly, have a little sense of 
humor and can make friend with everyone.  
 