CURRICULUM VITEA  
 
 Name:    
Date of birth:    
Address:  
Mobile no.:  
E-mail address:  
Sexual:  
Marriage status:  Tran Dinh Hieu  
30/08/1996  
15C/166 Kim Ma  street, Ba Dinh  Dist., HN  
0836947979  
trandinhhieuvn@gmail.com  
Male  
Single  
 
OBJECTIVE  
Willing to work for a professional working environment where I can learn and hone my skills  as 
well as develop my career path . 
Strengthen personal and teamwork skills in predicting exchange rates in complex world . 
 
EDUCATION  
 
University of Economics and Business  - B.A. in  International Economics . 
National Taipei University of Technology  - International Master of Financial Technology &  
Innovative Entrepreneur Program   
 GPA:  4.0/4.0, 95.17/100, top 1 in class.  
• Courses : Teamwork and Leadership Skills, International Managem ent of Leadership Skills 
Course , International Management and Financial Practices (about forex market),  Model Thinking, 
Cognitive Diversity,  Algorithmic Information Dynamics, etc.  
 
EXPERIENCE  
 
 
2020 - now 東方倍盈有限公司  (management and investment consulting company ) 
  Receiving training and predictions in fundamental view from Lii Sheng -
Yann (李勝彥), 16th president of Bank of Taiwan  
 Do research about forex market, find news, predict the fluctuation of major 
pairs of currencies  
 Have a meeting once every two -weeks to share the trading knowledge , 
technical indicators, experience , prediction s with other traders  
 Trading in demo version: Swissquote serve, MT5 platform , leverage 1:25  
2019  - 2020  
 Customer Services Staff  – Western Union  (money transfer, Taiwan)  
 • Help the customers register and use money transfer services  
• Answer questions from customers on Facebook, Line, phone calls, SET 
(company’s money transfer  application)  
• Gather exchange rates of competitors, inform customers exchange rate on 
requests of customers.  
• Help customers add, change transaction info both before and after transaction  
• Schedule Facebook, Line posts to engage customers  
• Join and organize some promotional videos, live streaming  
• Do market research, interview customers’ experience , help company 
translate a part of SET application into Vietnamese  
 
2014  - 2015  
 Marketing, Public Relations Trainee  - EAS Viet Nam Company Ltd  
 • Prepare equipment , facilities and cooperate with other departments and 
companies to organize promotional events  and non -profit events.  
• Manage other trainees, help managers in doing business plan.  
• Run a promotion to attract customers  
• Design backdrops, banners, other media products.  
 
 
 
